1. You indicated in the survey that you like listening to music. Can you tell me what kind of music you like? And who is your favorite musician?Why do you like him or her?

I like to listen to various kinds of music. Depends on my feelings/mood, I listen to different genre of music. 
These days I like to listen to ballad music because I've heard that my favorite singer having a concert. That music like ballad or R&B make me feel touched and relaxed. Also it always blows my mind.

As for my favorite singer, I'm gonna talk about 이승환 who is one of the most famous male singer in Korean Pop. He debuted in the late 1980s. He has many fans especially in my ages. Including me, they have spent their youth with his songs. He has written and produced hundreds of song and albums. He still has held serveral concerts every year.

His voice and tones is so touching and catchy. After I listened a song in his 4th alumn called "천일동안" which mean 'love for 1000 days', I admired him. I even sang his song for my wife at our wedding. it is named in 'unfancy confession'. I chose the song because of the lyrics. The lyrics is about 'sincere and unchaged love no matter what.' I love that song.

Overall, that's my taste in music and favorie singer. Thank you.


2. How did you first get interested in music? What kind of music did you listen to when you were young? How was that music different from the music you listen to today? How has your interest in music changed over the years?

When I was in a high school, i tried to learn a rap. In those days, the student went to singing room with friends for playing. I was not good at singing and I wanted to be standout in the singing room, so i tried to find something else. At that time,  Rapper called 김진표 was getting more famous. I decided to memorize all lyrics of his song in his album . After then, I was interete in rap music.

Several years ago, I had a chance to see a musical in my first time. It was sooooo good. and then I bought the album of the musical and listened every day. The musical was the Man of La Mancah which story is about Don Quixote. My favorite song is "Impossible Dream." It helped me overcoming emotinoal diffilculties in those days. Since then, I have listened the song to be braver or more confident when I'm in a trouble emotionally.

Sooo, This is about changes of my music taste.


3. Tell me about a time when you went to listen to some live music. Perhaps it was at a concert or live café. What was the mood like?How did you like the music you listen to there? 

There are many parks in 성남 city which I'm living in. In one of them, big concert hall located in the cetral park in 분당. the city held a concert of Old Korea Pop Singer several years ago.

The guest I can remember were POSITION, 박혜경 who were pop stars in 1990.
They sang servral their hit songs, people was getting exited in the concert.

The main guest was 김건모, he is still star in Korean TV Show. After he showed up, people standed up and sing along his songs as they were young. The mood of the concert gradually rose and he sang a couple of additional song then the show finished.

I and my wife really had time to recall our youth. this is about my recent expeirence for live music.
 



